guys I'm back with a short little review
on the elf little gift sets I went to
target the other day I saw that they had
a ton of stocking stuffers for insanely
inexpensive prices so we have five
dollars three dollars and the most
expensive sets for ten dollars which I
actually didn't get any of the
ten-dollar sets but a bot to this one
right here is the elf eyes 32-piece I
shadow collection so you get 32
eyeshadows for only five dollars and
then I got this nail polish trio get all
three colors for three dollars oh and
then I got a liquid eyeliner cute little
liquid eyeliners only about so for these
three I spent under ten dollars i spent
about nine dollars and fifty cents so is
insanely great so let's just start off
with the nail set you get three colors
you get like a ruby red a gold and this
one's like a sparkly color I absolutely
love them have it on my nails today I
like it it's not um too shiny but it's
not until it has a subtle sparkle to the
other two I actually put on top of the
red and it just made my nails look
really dull so over here I added this
like white sparkle and it feels dull it
looks dull then on myself I added the
gold and then the gold did the exact
same thing it just dulled my nails it
didn't look going out of all the three I
only like the red and this color is in
cranberry I don't know if they sell
these individually at target but I know
for sure you can find on the website for
only a dollar next product about was a
liquid eyeliner I absolutely love I was
surprised how well it glided on it
wasn't dry it out first of all and it
was only a dollar so definitely that
liquid eyeliner work really well you can
see on my eye I was able to do a very
smooth cat I very easy to do with this
one dollar eyeliner now lastly going on
to the elf eyeshadow
this is the 32 piece I know they have
one that's about 100 I shadows I didn't
get it they didn't have him in shock so
I just went with this which is great
it's cute packaging and this would be an
awesome stocking stuffer only five bucks
about the size of your hand a little bit
bigger and then it was funny because it
had this little tiny brush in here and
this is like a long section so there was
just one little sponge tip brush which I
just threw I don't really care much for
it and then it has a pretty nice eisner
over here it smells like eye shadow I
don't know if you guys it smells like
drugstore I shadow let me just say it
has a nice array of colors you get lots
of neutral colors dark colors and then a
few bold colors watch a few of them and
then I noticed some of them go on very
sheer and then some of them are really
pigmented so I'm going to do some quick
swatches right now so here are just a
few of the eyeshadows watches you can
see some vibrant ones there's some sheer
ones around here a lot of them have like
a satin finish and then there's some of
them that are more of a pearl frost
finish so it has a pretty good variety
this palette is a two thumbs up for sure
it's great for the price at your pain
you get 32 eyeshadows for only five
bucks and I did my eye makeup using this
palette today so I'll show you right now
how to do it now if I priming my lid
I'm just using Urban Decay's primer
potion I'm going to take this reddish
brown color right up here and you're
going to want to apply that to your lid
up to your crease next you're going to
take this dark maroon color and you're
going to please that right on your lid
now take your brown right and I'm going
to place that brown right here in the
middle taking a dark blue eyeliner this
one is from beauty makeup this at
Sally's Beauty Supply for about a dollar
now you're going to take that bright
blue and palate and just set it over the
liner now I'm just going to line my I'm
with a liquid eyeliner I'm going to
quickly do my brows i'm using the brow
can i got from el you could be the dark
color first and i'm going to line my
brows x is a lighter brown color
I almost forgot the highlight the
highlight color is going to be this one
right here and then to finish off the
eyes going to add some falsies and there
you get all that